we pick up now where we left off mr.
stark please yes sir
can I have your attention absolutely our
priority here is to have you turn over
the Iron Man weapon to the American
people well you can forget it we're safe
America is secure you want my property
you can't have it but I did you a big
favor I have successfully privatized
world peace
[Applause]
[Music]
give me a smooch the good luck I might
not make it back
[Music]
[Applause]
go get him boss
you complete me
[Music]
[Applause]
because from our family of thieves and
butchers and our like world guilty man
which tried to rewrite your history
you forget we'll the lights they start
family has a story
they will be blood in the water and the
shocks will come
[Music]